Apply some process updates in the pre-release-week.md (#253)
meilisearch/integration-guides: resources/pre-release-week.md

- **Create a PR** up-to-date with `bump-meilisearch-vX.X.X` and pointing to `bump-meilisearch-vX.X.X` with all the changes.
- **Make all the tests green**: the tests are running against the RC and not the latest stable version of Meilisearch.<br>
If they don't pass, please explain the reason: another PR concerning other changes might indeed be needed.

> - **Ask for reviews**: the Meili developer responsible to make the review [is written here](https://github.com/meilisearch/integration-guides/blob/main/resources/scopes.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Ask for reviews**: the team member responsible to make the review [is written here](https://github.com/meilisearch/integration-guides/blob/main/resources/scopes.md).
```
